hey guys I wanted to start off by saying
I am so so sorry this video is so late
it is Saturday night Sunday night it's
Sunday night I'm so sorry I've been so
busy this weekend and with school and
everything this week normally I pre film
a little bit but I've been just so busy
so I hope you can forgive me
I swear this is not gonna be a
reoccurring thing because I love my FIF
and I figured I would still do it
because even though it's late it's
better than never hopefully I'll have it
up by tonight if not tomorrow morning so
yeah I apologize you guys and a couple
of you been putting commenting and
asking me where it was so I'm really
really sorry I didn't have class on
Friday and I went to a Halloween party
and then this weekend just got ahead of
me and I before I knew it I was like oh
my gosh I forgot my video so hope you
guys understand and we'll just forgive
me this time
please so anyways let's just go ahead
and get into my uh PI app first
impression Friday on Sunday or Monday I
don't anything hopefully you guys don't
mind this is going to be on my last if I
have this month and it is a pen liner
and it is from LA girl and it's the fine
tip long-lasting felt tip liquid
eyeliner and i got this from a website
called i kate house a while ago i
ordered a bunch of stuff and this i not
in package because i thought it would be
really cool it was so cheap and i'm
pretty sure you can find this at Ulta
this brand - it just looks like this
packaging is pretty pretty simple and
let's go ahead and see it's a felt tip
liner and let's go ahead and just it's
the texture it's something that I really
like it's felt-tipped but it's really
flexible and bendable and yeah I think
that the lines you can draw are really
thin if you press really lightly or
really think if you press pretty hard so
you guys can see the variety of
different lines I got just by the
texture and you can definitely tell it's
pretty pigmented so I'm gonna go ahead
and do this much test a little bit later
but for now let's go ahead and zoom in
and see how it applies it's all I have
on my eyes right now is just Urban Decay
primer potion I have my makeup done as
normal but let's go ahead and see how
this baby works I'm gonna try to stay in
frame I'm really bad at it but we're
gonna try so this is just what the pen
looks like up close
do be nice and pointy and let's go ahead
and start drawing
okay so I got my wing drawn on and I
will say that it does take me a little
longer than I would like to draw on the
wings liner but it was really smooth and
I think that it did a pretty good job
I have quite a bit of hold on it and it
doesn't take a super long time if the
more you press on it it does really
glide across your eyes so I did like
that so I'm gonna go ahead and apply it
to my other eye and apply some mascara
now I'll be back to tell you is I'm
iliza
okay so now I am done putting on all my
mascara I just applied the Maybelline
voluminous originals I mean the L'Oreal
voluminous originals and meat and the
covergirl clump crusher I'm gonna go
ahead and do my smudge test oh good
golly smudger it was a serious smudger
oh boo golly doesn't look like it's
gonna stay very well but I do like how
it looks on the eyes I think it's really
matte and I think that it glided on
pretty smooth it wasn't too thick or
anything like that so I did really like
it smudge test didn't work so well I'm
gonna go ahead and see how it works
throughout the day for me actually
through the night so I'm going to go see
a movie right now
it's around 7:30 so anyways yes I do
overall a first impression really like
this I don't think it's gonna stay very
long but I will definitely let you guys
know next Friday my overall thoughts on
it but it was really really affordable
so that's an awesome thing because you
go through liquid eyeliners pretty well
also in my FIF at the end of the month
I'm gonna tell you my all-time favorite
liquid eyeliner because of course I
couldn't do an F I up on it because I've
already use it in the past but I did
want to tell you what my favorite one is
regardless and why I like it and all
that good stuff and I'm gonna show you
how I apply that one just as a little
extra bonus so if you are excited to see
well my favorite all-time liquid
eyeliner like this this pen type of
thing be sure to stay tuned for next
Friday's video and thank you guys so
much for bearing with me on the fact
that this is obsolete but I swear it
won't happen again I love you all so
much and have a great day bye